youtube distance username harry potter
rocks and i wanted to show you my harry
potter thing a huge fan of harry potter
so i want to show you random things that
I found so first things first milan i
love this bond box so much heart just
following my mom hates it and for them
there is the album's one set of
addressable makers and having their own
once you open it you can see that there
is a certificate from off at Tiffany's
and if you put that down you can see the
bag I've already open this so i took my
London so you can do for London and you
can carry it around any time or my wand
is actually became good one this is a
2010 reason if you were back then but I
don't have a possible but this was not
so this came out into 10 so that is
pretty much all I got from Allison's I
will incite it really cool so you should
check it out if you want a one a few
times on offense because they sell all
kinds of warm there and you can even go
on a virtual tour and they measure him
and they then make the right one for you
then when you close the box hard to
close let me put it in there I wanted to
show you my harry potter wand is
eliminating tips so you have the lawn
and this is the 2010 3 so this one will
not made in 2000 2002 they don't have
this list is to unscrew the screw for
batteries then you can take it out and
you have 1 i'm going to turn off the
lights and show you how to put it
speakers for an outsourced because II
button on it you can see that it could
light up much lighter than usual you can
wave around
darsan to be finding ghost so then I
wanted to show you my time Turner from
the third movie high ball in the prison
of a cadet come on in what is this to
save Sirius Black and go back in time
return of the turbulence it's fun to
where you can tell you're fun or really
turn this time what some fun expert then
I wanted to show you my harry potter
Golden Snitch this is a very good model
for the Golden Snitch it has this this
is a fan for the rodents pitch everybody
needs a little bit for falling off and
that's pretty much it you can take the
wings off and it's a really good model
to great models great or if you can get
it on barnes noble you can just go there
and ask for the building stitch little
box then if i wanted to show you my
harry potter action figures my first one
from Boston imported from tip it was in
the exhibition that they had in Boston
from our daughter sadly it's not there
anymore a little weird to you have the
wand the it brings a tie it's a great
craftsmanship on this thing I don't know
how they did it so good it is a very
nice model of Harry Potter that's pretty
much all of my first applicant that much
second action figure that I dr. my
birthday this year was this one it's a
serious platform in order of the phoenix
and he has vet him required death
craftsmanship I see and if you guys like
these attributes you can just go to
tolerance and
really good this is Ronnie and his bond
is very good be made and here are the
country so pretty oh if you want these
items the action figures are from um
with us and bucks make this from barnes
& noble the wine is from album i
seriously recommend you to go if you
like harry potter you should go in on
this I'm afraid of pre-order it comes
six years I have to wait over to me and
that's pretty much everything I want to
show you on my next video I will
probably show you more things like the
new bad I movie action figure and maybe
a little and thank you for watching me
and if you rate the video thumbs up
click it on the regular thumbs down
click it on doing if it's some dumb it's
sad thank you for watching my youtube
video and let's see what you think